Add user mapping configuration instruction (#11741)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/security/user-mapping.rst

.. literalinclude:: user-mapping.json
    :language: json

In your coordinator's ``config.properties`` file, configure the following
example to use the :doc:`LDAP </security/ldap>` PASSWORD authentication method:

> 

Reviewer: Someone led you astray in the original text, and it was probably me. The original line 98 has "Configure this example file." The "this" refers to the JSON file above, not anything below. So you're right that it's not correct to say we're "configuring" that file. Let's try "set up" with something like this:

> Set up the above example file to use the LDAP authentication method (which ... type) by adding the following line to your coordinator's ``config.properties`` file:

Remember that the only complaint about this file that caused this PR is that we were explicit about ``config.properties`` in **Pattern mapping rules** section, but then left readers to wonder what file to edit in the **File mapping rules** section.

.. literalinclude:: user-mapping.json
    :language: json

Set up the preceding example to use the :doc:`LDAP </security/ldap>`

> authentication method with the PASSWORD authentication type by adding

Reviewer 2: nit: link PASSWORD to https://trino.io/docs/current/security/authentication-types.html#security-authentication-types--page-root maybe?

Author: Done.

> authentication method (must be set to PASSWORD) by adding the following line

Reviewer 2: what must be set to `PASSWORD`? Some people might be able to infer that, but I don't think most will.

It might be helpful to mention the config property name which needs to be set to password or link to relevant section.

> In your coordinator's ``config.properties`` file, configure this example file to
> use the :doc:`LDAP </security/ldap>` authentication method (which uses the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In your coordinator's ``config.properties`` file, add the below configuration properties to
use the :doc:`LDAP </security/ldap>` authentication method (which uses the
```

adding a file to a file feels weird and confusing. wdyt about this? (maybe can be worded better).

Reviewer: There's two which's. See if you can eliminate one of them
